you create all this amazing content on
youtube but no one's watching it what
should you do hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm gonna break down the
secret to being popular on youtube
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
as you can see here this is my youtube
analytics this is my channel dashboard
you can see my subscriber count how many
subscribers got in the last 28 days you
can see my rough views 879 000 last 28
days uh watch time in hours 50 000
revenue i don't monetize youtube so how
do i do this well if you look at the
analytics you'll see something here
i have 879 000 views in 28 days
and then if you click see more
this ends up breaking down where i'm
getting my traffic from
and a lot of the traffic
is actually from youtube search which is
the number one channel for me which is
34.3 percent external is the
neilpatel.com website and me emailing
and i'm going to show you that in a
little bit
but i'm getting a lot of traffic from
youtube search it's generating a lot of
hours in watch time and the duration of
views and impressions isn't bad
so how do you get all this youtube
search traffic
well first off i'm going to go to my
main channel page
you can see here that i'm including
keywords in my headlines here's we need
to outrank your competition amp traffic
uh how i collected 714 000 emails uh
google analytics
so first off when you're creating
youtube videos you want to do keyword
research so you can go to ubersuggest
and
neilpatel.com ubersuggest or
uberassist.com and type in keywords that
you want under ranking for so here's the
example maybe i want traffic from the
term google analytics
and when you're on
uber suggests it'll tell you how many
times that keyword is getting searched
on a monthly basis what percentage is
mobile versus desktop and if you scroll
into keyword ideas and click view all
keyword ideas you'll get a list of
keywords
and these are the keywords that you want
to include within your video
and within your title and your
descriptions one of the biggest keys is
saying the keywords within your video so
i say the word google analytics i'm more
likely to rank for google analytics if i
talk about google analytics
certification i'm more likely to rank
for google certification
so of course you need to create amazing
content content should ideally be around
10 minutes 5 to 10 minutes in length and
you want to do keyword research and
include these keywords in your title
description and that's one important
part but even if you do that there's one
secret that'll cause you to do really
well and i'll show it to you
so as you can see here on my youtube
channel
i recently published a video on
uh generating
355 backlinks how to create the ideal
blog homepage how to use how seo should
use google analytics
check out this email that i sent out to
my email list
how to generate
355 backlinks right it was about that
video oh and by the way here's how to
come up with content ideas to drive
traffic and your ideal blog home page
those in essence are the three videos i
mentioned here one two and three i
mentioned in my email that drove a lot
of clicks and a lot of views
and you can see the stats right here
drove a lot of clicks and a lot of views
i also send out push notifications every
time that i release an email so push
notifications and a little notification
that people get through their browsers
and as you can see here
let me go to
notification performance if i talk about
how to generate backlinks i'm getting
clicks like around six thousand now not
all these people actually click and
watch the video but they're clicking to
learn more and it's up to them if they
want to watch
and by doing this what i'm doing is
driving a ton of traffic to youtube and
ideally the day the video goes published
so within the first 24 hours if in the
first 24 hours you can send out emails
push notifications tell all your friends
to view the video
the more you do within the first 24
hours the way youtube's algorithm works
is any video that's popular within 24
hours of its release tends to rank
better on youtube
and that's how i'm ranking for terms on
youtube like let's type in the word seo
i may not always be at the top for any
of the terms but i can rank decently
well here's one how seo will change in
and that's a strategy that i use to rank
really well on youtube and continually
get the traffic it's a really simple
approach in which i'm promoting my
videos really hard in the first 24 hours
and i'm continually creating videos on
every topic out there to generate that
traffic as well so use uber says to come
up with the keyword ideas
again you just type in keywords within
uber says you'll get tons of ideas on
content you could be creating and then
when you publish the content make sure
you promote it whether it's to push
notification email your other social
channels telling your friends about it
facebook messenger blasts through like
tools like manychat or mobilemonkey
doing this kind of stuff is what's going
to get you the results
if you have any questions leave a
comment i'll answer it if you enjoyed
the video like it share it if you need
help with your marketing check out my ad
agency neil patel digital